docs(obi): update zero-code OBI docs for v0.8.0 (#9672)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/zero-code/obi/configure/metrics-traces-attributes.md

text for logging through a TCP connection. Currently, OBI natively supports the
PostgreSQL and MySQL binary protocols.

### HTTP header and body enrichment for spans

OBI can attach selected HTTP headers and selected HTTP body fields to spans
through the `ebpf.payload_extraction.http.enrichment` configuration section.
This is useful when you want to carry business or routing headers into traces
without manually instrumenting the application.

The enrichment engine is rule-based:

- Set `enabled: true` to activate HTTP header and body enrichment.
- Use `policy.default_action.headers` and `policy.default_action.body` to define
  whether unmatched headers or body content are included or excluded. The

>   default for both is `exclude`.

Author: Adjusted this in `c766a4237`. I updated the wording to say `policy.default_action.headers` and `policy.default_action.body` are configured in YAML, and I added an explicit note that there are no environment variables for those defaults.

text for logging through a TCP connection. Currently, OBI natively supports the
PostgreSQL and MySQL binary protocols.

> <a id="http-header-enrichment-for-spans"></a>

Author: @open-telemetry/docs-approvers is this the correct approach? The recent OBI blog depended on this section header, and changing it breaks the link. I've added an explicit link target here to preserve the linking, allow for the needed section name updated, and ensure forward facing compatibility.

Please let me know if there is a preferred way to address this.

Reviewer: I think we prefer link targets in the following format, but I realize the hash in the URL won't conform to the new heading. 

If it's just the blog post that links to this section, it might be easiest to forget the link targets in this doc and just update the blog post link to the new heading. As a rule, we don't update posts, but I think it's fine to fix an internal link. Also, If a heading doesn't exist on a page, the link to it still resolves to the page itself, so it's not completely broken.
 
```suggestion
### HTTP header and body enrichment for spans {#http-header-enrichment-for-spans}
```

> ### HTTP header and body enrichment for spans

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### HTTP header and body enrichment for spans {#http-header-enrichment-for-spans}
```

                - X-Custom-*
                - X-Dice-Roll
              case_sensitive: false
          - action: include
            type: body
            scope: request
            match:
              methods: [POST]
              url_path_patterns:
                - /v1/chat/completions
          - action: obfuscate
            type: body
            scope: request
            match:
              methods: [POST]
              url_path_patterns:
                - /v1/chat/completions
              obfuscation_json_paths:
                - $.messages[*].content
```

The following environment variables control the global enrichment behavior:

- `OTEL_EBPF_HTTP_ENRICHMENT_ENABLED`
- `OTEL_EBPF_HTTP_ENRICHMENT_OBFUSCATION_STRING`

> 

Author: Handled together with the other `policy.default_action.*` comment in `c766a4237`. The section now explicitly says those defaults are YAML-only and have no environment-variable equivalents.
